Docs for 1.32.0 (#649)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: src/pages/changelog/Console-1.32.0.md

![Alert details page. The left-hand side lists alert properties like name and description. The right-hand side displays a heatmap-style chart with red and grey squares indicating alert health and a table below listing recent alert notifications.](/images/changelog/platform/v32/alert-details.png)

#### Audit logs

You can now view the new [CloudEvents-based](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/main/cloudevents/spec.md) audit log events with enhanced filtering capabilities for the new resource and event types, including Conduktor platform triggered events. 

For a full list of all the audited events see the [audit log docs](/platform/navigation/settings/audit-log/).

While legacy audit log events will stop being captured in this release, existing legacy events will remain accessible through a dedicated page until a future release.

![The audit log settings page shows a list of audit log events, with a drawer showing details of an event](/images/changelog/platform/v32/audit-log-settings.png)

#### Service account labels

You can now edit labels on service accounts in plain Kafka clusters through the UI, in addition to the existing CLI & API support.

> Support for service accounts in Aiven and Confluent Cloud clusters is coming soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for labels on Aiven and Confluent Cloud service accounts is coming soon.
```

Reviewer: I think that's what we mean here? we already support SA management for Confluent + Aiven.

![The service account details page shows labels underneath the service account name heading. Next to existing labels there is an edit button which you can click to open a drawer with a form to add and edit labels](/images/changelog/platform/v32/edit-service-account-labels.png)

#### RBAC-aware menu

> The left-hand menu is now RBAC (Role Based Access) aware, dynamically showing/hiding menu items based on users' permissions. Hiding functionality that users don't have access to makes onboarding easier and reduces confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The left-hand menu is now RBAC (Role Based Access Control) aware, dynamically showing/hiding menu items based on users' permissions. Hiding functionality that users don't have access to makes onboarding easier and reduces confusion.
```

For a full list of all the audited events see the [audit log docs](/platform/navigation/settings/audit-log/).

While legacy audit log events will stop being captured in this release, existing legacy events will remain accessible through a dedicated page until a future release.

![The audit log settings page shows a list of audit log events, with a drawer showing details of an event](/images/changelog/platform/v32/audit-log-settings.png)

#### Service account labels

You can now edit labels on service accounts in plain Kafka clusters through the UI, in addition to the existing CLI & API support.

Support for service accounts in Aiven and Confluent Cloud clusters is coming soon.

![The service account details page shows labels underneath the service account name heading. Next to existing labels there is an edit button which you can click to open a drawer with a form to add and edit labels](/images/changelog/platform/v32/edit-service-account-labels.png)

#### RBAC-aware menu

> The RBAC (Role Based Access) left-hand sidebar now dynamically shows/hides menu items based on users' permissions. Hiding functionality that users don't have access to makes onboarding easier and reduces confusion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The left-hand sidebar now dynamically shows/hides menu items based on users' RBAC permissions. Hiding functionality that users don't have access to makes onboarding easier and reduces confusion.
```

> The left-hand menu is now RBAC (Role Based Access) aware, dynamically showing/hiding menu items based on users' permissions. Hiding functionality that users don't have access to makes onboarding easier and reduces confusion.

Reviewer 3: Should we mention that it's only available for paying customers?

---
date: 2025-03-11
title: Console 1.32
description: docker pull conduktor/conduktor-console:1.32.0
solutions: console
tags: features,fix
---

*Release date: {frontMatter.date.toISOString().slice(0, 10)}*

- [Breaking changes](#breaking-changes)
  - [Partner Zones](#partner-zones)
- [Scale](#scale)
  - [Alert history](#alert-history)
  - [Audit logs](#audit-logs)
  - [Service account labels](#service-account-labels)
  - [RBAC-aware sidebar](#rbac-aware-sidebar)
- [Exchange](#exchange)
  - [Introducing Partner Zones UI](#introducing-partner-zones-ui)
- [Quality of life improvements](#quality-of-life-improvements)
- [Fixes](#fixes)

### Breaking changes

#### Partner Zones

> Improvements to Partner Zones require **Gateway 3.6.1 to be deployed** with this release of Console.

Reviewer 4: @twobeeb @Stu-conduktor  How much depth should we go into here?
The [PZ docs](https://github.com/conduktor/conduktor-docs/pull/653/files#diff-fc6c8d2530270586282c0427825f9fb323b18f5ead75734e1c4f2c34aaeb558f) have details about env vars and versions.  Should we repeat this in these release notes, or link to those docs?

Reviewer 5: @rlecomte can you summarise what was the change?

Regardless we should just link back to new PZ docs anyway? No one should have built a production workflow with the previous version.

Reviewer 6: We need GW 3.6.1 to support "traffic control policies" introduced in this release. It isn't really about improvement but about supporting the full scope of PZ feature

![The service account details page shows labels underneath the service account name heading. Next to existing labels there is an edit button which you can click to open a drawer with a form to add and edit labels](/images/changelog/platform/v32/edit-service-account-labels.png)

#### RBAC menu

> The RBAC (Role Based Access) left-hand menu now dynamically shows/hides menu items based on users' permissions. Hiding functionality that users don't have access to makes onboarding easier and reduces confusion.

Reviewer 2: The sidebar is not really an RBAC menu, it's a menu that dynamically show/hide items based on the RBAC permissions in a separate RBAC page
